What is a server?

     A server is computer hardware or a software that provides a services to
     the users, such as:
     	 1. Files managing
	 2. Transfering Data between users
	 3. Authorization

What is the role of the domain name?

     The main idea of the domain name is to easies the domain (host)
     accessing, by mapping the host IP to a specific name.

What type of DNS record `www` is in `www.foobar.com`?

     While the foobar.com is the domain name, the `www` in `www.foobar.com`
     known as a supdomain of `foobar.com`

What is the role of the web server?

     The main roles of the web server is to provide, store, retrive, manage,
     host data, and responces to users HTTP requests by the aproprate HTML
     content

What is the role of the application server?

     While the web server is return a static HTML page for the users
     requests, the applicattion server implements the user busines logics
     and generate a daynamic HTML content depending on the user state

What the role of the database?

     Database is responcible of storing host data, and give the abilty to
     update, change, and retrive for these data in an orginaized manner.

What is the server using to communicate whit the computer of the user
requesting the website?

     There are two main protocols that are in use for most of the host-browser
     communication
     HTTP: stand for Hiper Text Transefer Protocol
     HTTPS: stand for Hiper Text Transefer Protocol Secure


Some issues on this infrastructure design:

1- SPOF: because this design only consests of one server, so any failure on
   	 the server or any element of its elements, will lead to downtime
	 for all the system

2- Planned Downtime: for the planned downtime (to update or maintance) the
   	   	     whole system will be unavailable to users during the
		     update or maintance period of time.

3- Scalablity: Due to one server system, and one database this infrastructure
   	       will suffer if there are many requests at the time, it can be
	       solved by using two or moreserver either active or standby and
	       and extra database will help too.
